Sister-in-law
There is a misunderstanding here.
Xiao Baozi, who do you say is sister-in-law?
I'm the sister-in-law
They are all sisters-in-law
It's this time
It doesn't matter who is big or small.
Let's go in together
Brother Xiong is so fierce
Sorry Luxia
I shouldn't have doubted you
I didn't care.
My mom moved your money
I will definitely find a way to pay you back.
I didn't care either.
Oh, and
The bracelet that Elder Zhang is looking for is on the Hall Master's hand
Are you sure about that?
That's not nonsense.
I take personal guarantee
I saw it with my own eyes
Does Zhang Hengyuan know about this?
He didn't know I told you the first time.
Yes, big wife, you are so capable
If you dare to stay here tonight
Let's go out
And don't mention skilled things to anyone